docs: Fix WPF/GTK links (#15073)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/getting-started/requirements.md

## Linux

> Uno Platform applications run on Linux distributions and versions where .NET 7 is supported, [listed here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-ca/dotnet/core/install/linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno Platform applications run on Linux distributions and versions where .NET 7 is supported, [listed here](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/install/linux).
```

Reviewer 2: @morning4coffe-dev  - this should be ".NET 7 or later. "
